oops you broke it let's go oh jeez I'm
sad that I'm flying a channel I'm not
really sure but Betsy dr. Eggman has
something to do with it and we're not
gonna let him get a room did you give
them booties day of your files Oh star
10 dotnet its dot com look it's that
Hedgehog I wonder what the big rush is
all about each of those guys will end up
getting in my way and making trouble hey
isn't that adding huh talk about being
stubborn and full of surprises long time
no see boys too bad you had to come all
this way for nothing we'll take it from
here would you say sensors locked on
eight men non-compliant intruders will
be destroyed didn't you know we have a
date with Eggman too is that so well
it'll be a date to die
you
die that is employed a girly board snake
you know who that is you're kidding
right it's Mario Mario made his first
appearance in 1981 and since then he's
become a worldwide phenomenon there's
probably not a single person who doesn't
know Mario he's that famous good thing I
survived long enough to meet him on the
field battle haha this is a
once-in-a-lifetime chance snake now get
out there and show him what you're made
of no regrets got it
Oh
tada
you